Sorry.
Make you feel any better. I'm nervous too.
I just don't understand
how they can be gone.
Because they were--
They were fine. and then. umā¦
Hey. I'll tell you something
that I learned
before I met your dad.
I was a little younger than you.
and my older brother.
he got into a car accident.
and he needed surgery.
The doctor who was gonna do it.
he was all business. no emotion.
Andā¦
my mom got so mad.
She told him to show a little humanity.
a little compassion.
And he said. "Respectfully. ma'am.
that is not what you want."
He said. "You don't want the doctor
who sees your son as a person."
"You want the doctor who sees your son
as nothing more
than an interesting puzzle."
Because when everything is on the line.
you always do better with someone
that's trying to solve you
than someone that's trying to save you.
I know that this is hard.
But for right now.
we're gonna put all
of our emotions behind.
and we're gonna go out there.
and we're gonna be a couple of surgeons.
Surgeons?
Surgeons.
Everything's ready.
Leave in stages.
five minutes apart.
Once you're in position.
do nothing unless I order it.
Why haven't you asked me
about what I saw?
When the time comes. I will.
I would like to make sure
you only have to relive that once.
They're turning left.
Hold positions.
Creasyā¦
Are they with us?
-Hey. we need to divert.
-What?
They're on the buildings. and we got
a car pacing us about a block away.
The route is compromised. Divert. Now.
What's your diversion target?
They've got a military facility
on secure lockdown.
- Distance?
- Twelve kilometers.
We're being followed.
We need to take a detour.
They're leaving the route.
- Are we good?
- Just keep your eyes peeled.
Creasy. that doesn't sound like
an answer to my question.
- Sir?
- Hold the position.
We only have
one more team in pursuit.
It's happening. Decide now.
Cut through the park.
On the right! On the right!
Leaving route. Track with me.
Divert to backup target.
Suspend.
It's over.
My sincere apologies.
Sadly. even after yesterday's act
of violence.
we still continue to receive
threats from the FRP.
Given the circumstances.
it seems prudent
to conduct the interview here.
and we've arranged a military transport
to fly directly back to the US. okay?
In there?
Yes.
Go on. Poe.
We're just gonna chat for a second.
You can record the interview.
I'll make sure
all your questions get asked.
but I don't want anyone else in the room
when I'm talking to her.
You seem to be under the impression
that you have authority here. Mr. Creasy.
You know.
regardless of what you decided
when you met me.
you need to recognize
that not only am I offering you my help.
but that you need it.
They had men staged
all along the convoy route.
That's a clear indication that there's
a leak somewhere in your chain of command.
And if you can't trust the men below you.
you'd do well to reconsider
the man in front of you.
Would you trust the person I saw
in that interview the other day?
Job interviews are not my specialty.
Unfortunately. this has turned into
something I'm much more familiar with.
I know that thinking
about what happened is painful.
so just for the moment. let's not.
As much as you can.
I want you to stick to how you felt
and what you saw
before anything happened at the building.
Before.
That's where all the information
that we need is waiting.
Do you understand?
Good.
So when you woke up.
you were at your boyfriend's?
He's not really my. umā¦
But yeah.
I snuck out.
I wasn't planning on staying out.
but then. when I woke up. Iā¦
I realized ifā¦ if I didn't rush.
Dad would be awake. and--
Stay in the before.
So you had to get home.
I took Liam's motorcycle.
I remember thinking
I was going to make it.
The streets were empty. I was going fast.
and I was coming to this last turn.
I had the light.
but it's like I just sensed something
coming before I saw it.
So I slammed the brakes.
and then these two vans.
they came flying through the intersection.
And then a motorcycle.
Like a sport one. Or a racing one.
Tell me more about the motorcycle.
-I think it was black.
-Hm.
Like everything.
The rider was in black clothes.
black helmet. umā¦
Yeah. that's all I remember.
What about the vans?
White.
-They look new or old?
-New.
They look like work vehicles
or someone's personal vehicles?
Look. I don't know. Work. maybe.
Okay. let's come back to that.
What happened after they passed?
I took the bike around the corner.
Maybe another half block. and I parked it.
I was basically staring
right at the building.
But he was there.
Who?
My dad.
He was getting in his car.
and heā¦ and he saw me.
And he was calling me. and then--
Okay. Let's stop right there.
That's good.
That's very good.
Let's take a little break.
Stop right there.
You didn't even
ask her about the bombing.
Suspects were gone before the bombing.
Unless we do it the right way.
strong emotions can warp memories.
If I bring her feelings up to the surface.
that's likely to get us less useful intel
and not more.
I'm going to get everything that we need.
Right now.
what I need from you are pictures
of the most common white vans
sold in the last five years.
I'm asking youā¦ for a little faith here.
You think you want to get these people
any more than I do? More than she does?
If you still have questions
after I come out.
I won't say anything
if you want to go in and ask for yourself.
Is that fair?
I'm also going to need a couple of rags
or a small towel.
What are we doing?
I want you to think back
to being on that bike.
Nowā¦
twenty minutes agoā¦
ā¦you were asleep.
But from the minute you realized
you had to get home.
you've been wide awake.
adrenaline pumping. yes?
Yes.
All right. and now you're so close.
You're reaching that intersection.
and then you slam on the brakes
because you sense something coming.
How does that make you feel?
How does what make me feel?
Something coming out of nowhere.
You have to stop or you'll get smashed.
How do you feel?
Shocked. Surprised. Iā¦
Point to the van you saw.
Look and point. don't think. remember.
All right. now I want you toā¦
I saw his face.
The rider. justā¦ just for a second.
but I saw it.
Okay. Okay. good. Poe.
Now. let's hold the story right there.
-Just stay with the rider.
-Mm-hmm.
Stay with the rider. Poe.
Poe.
Poe. All right.
All right. You did good.
You did good. You did good.
You did good.
What about the sketch artist?
Sketch artists
can be hit or miss.
They end up creating false memories
as often as they bring something back.
CIA has a good one she can sit with.
For now. we should pull the traffic
and security cameras in the area
from the morning of the bombing.
Maybe we get not only a sighting.
but a plate.
I'll put the word out immediately.
Yeah. see. but that's the thing.
How do you run down a lead
when you know you got a leak somewhere?
I'm due to brief
President Carmo personally.
We will hand select a small team
and make sure
to keep the circle as tight as possible.
For now. the plane is fueling.
We'll be ready to return Poe
to US within an hour.
I can't help but notice
you only mentioned Poe.
Given there's a leak.
I can see the potential value
in having an outsider assistance.
But you need to understand
that I am in charge.
Listen. we both want the same thing.
I can't help but notice
that you didn't acknowledge
that I will be in charge.
You will be in charge.
I'll have a transport arranged for you
after I brief the president.
You know. your friend Rayburn
said we would see
that having something to fight for
would bring out the best in you.
Did you believe him?
I have seen many situations. Mr. Creasy.
where having something to fight for
is what brings out the worst in people.
And I suppose
that's what continues to trouble me.
Why can't you just come with me?
-No. you don't want that.
-I do.
-I promise I do. I--
-I have work to do here.
But. you--
You'll not only make it home safe.
you'll have a long life ahead of you.
But for that to turn out well.
you're gonna have to find a way
to leave all this behind.
The way to do that. it starts right now.
You get on that plane
with your best memories.
And you leave everything else.
including me. right here.
Never to be thought of again.
You were there whenā¦
when I didn't have anyone else.
It's not something I plan on forgetting.
Okay. time for you to go.
Thank you.
Okay.
Get down! Get down! Protect the plane!
Get out! Get out! Get out!
Take off!
Pull up the stairs!
Get down!
Shit.
Why isn't it turning?
Fuck. Closer. Hold it.
Gringa!
Poe!
Let's go.
What the hell?
What are they doing?
Trying to take out the engine.
-Hold on tight.
-Why?
Oh my God. Creasy.
Creasy!
Oh my God. Oh my God.
Creasy! Creasy! Creasy!
Car. Creasy. car!
āŖ I've got my armor and artillery āŖ
āŖ Hands on a weapon in fact
That's ready to attack all enemies āŖ
āŖ Living with a life
Given back to the creator āŖ
āŖ An out of shape soldier
In a swamp full of gators āŖ
āŖ On the mission I've been given
It's deep āŖ
āŖ I'm forgiven
So I've got an inner vision of peace āŖ
āŖ In the rhythm of life I breathe āŖ
āŖ I'm fighting with a fire inside
That burns brighter āŖ
āŖ Till the final bell rings āŖ
āŖ Yo. I was born in a violent storm āŖ
āŖ In an endless fight
between right and wrong āŖ
āŖ I write songs like letters from warā¦ āŖ
Everything okay?
Get in. Poe.
āŖ Just a battlefield journalist
Capturing a picture āŖ
āŖ Of a combat mission
From a complex prisonā¦ āŖ
Seat belt.
āŖ Riddled with imperfection āŖ
āŖ My sword swung high
As the storm subsides āŖ
āŖ Yo. I was not made
Just so I could decay āŖ
āŖ These songs aren't played
Just so we can get paid āŖ
āŖ Yeah āŖ
āŖ The storm āŖ
BREAKING NEWS
600 PEOPLE DEAD
President Carmo says he
won't let the attack interrupt elections.
Polls already show a large swing
toward the president
based on his handling of the crisisā¦
Can I make you something to eat?
No.
- I'll make tea. You want tea?
- No.
Thank you for being with her.
I know she's not a child.
but I didn't want her
to be alone after all this.
I love being with her.
It's no problem at all.
600 people died like this.
I know you don't want to hear it again.
but I have to say it.
You're a beautiful young woman.
and your daughter is all grown up.
Gabiā¦
My cousin is doing well in the States
and says there are many opportunities.
-Gabi.
-Your husband was murdered.
And it's only gotten worse since.
And now this crazy terrorism?
Do you think this is the best place
to raise your daughter? Hm?
My friend. I'm talking
about a new beginning for you and for her.
you know?
Hello?
Yeah. Melo. this is Creasy.
Yeah. you drove me around
for several hours the other night.
Yeah.
Yeah. of course I remember.
Are your friends okay?
Listen. I need some help with driving.
But you mentioned
you're also the kind of person
who can find all sorts of things. Andā¦
that's the kind of expertise
I need right now.
Mr. Creasy.
I don't think it's smart to work with you.
Yeah. well. smart or not. it pays well.
And what is the payment for exactly?
I think it's best we keep that
on a need-to-know basis.
In Brazil.
problems start when you get paid
and you don't ask questions.
Look. I got a girl
who lost her family in the bombing
and she saw the perpetrators. okay?
Now they want her dead
and I need to get her out of the country.
So can you help me.
or should I find somebody else?
What if I ask for something
that's not money?
Good morning!
I SUPPORT THE REELECTION OF
PRESIDENT CARMO. AND YOU?
ORDER AND PROGRESS
EVERYTHING FOR BRAZIL
Hello?
Someone there? Please help me.
Get me out of here. Please.
Hello?
Get me the fuck out of here!
Hey.
No one followed me.
You leave your cell phones?
Yeah. And I got these. like you asked.
What's this?
The beginning of something long and messy
that doesn't need to concern you.
Look. all I'm asking is that you find
somewhere safe for us to assess things.
-Then I'll make sure your fee is taken--
-No fee.
I told you what I need.
Relocation with proper papers.
Do we have a deal?
Yeah. we do.
Okay.
I'm sorry. I--
I thought I heard someone.
Hi.
I'm Melo.
Poe.
Creasy.
Jesus. it's a relief to hear your voice.
Is Poe with you? Is she okay?
Yeah. she's safe for the moment.
But after what happened this morning.
I absolutely cannot
rely on the Brazilians.
I'm 100 percent on my own with this one.
- You're not on your own.
- Sir--
You've got us.
and I'll get this taken care of for you.
Martin. tell me who we've got on deck
and ready to move.
I'm going to send you
an extraction transport plane.
Totally dark. no Brazilian involvement.
I'm going to get you and Poe home
as quickly and safely as possible.
Yeah. okay.
Look. I'm gonna need some cash
for protection and transportation.
You got it. Done.
And beyond that.
you give me some exit options.
and I'll make an assessment.
Are you saying you don't think
it's safe to bring her back?
I'm saying I don't know what I don't know.
and until I do.
I can't commit to anything.
Okay.
Well. then. John.
I think you need to ask yourself.
Is she really safe with you?
I mean. this is
fucking Rayburn's daughter we're t--
What?
We're moving to another car.
If you bang on the trunk.
it'll be the last thing that you do.
You know what we need? Music.
What do you like? Pop. maybe?
Um. can you turn it off?
-You don't like this one?
-No. I do. I justā¦
I don't want to take songs I like andā¦
ā¦have them remind me of this.
If you don't want to associate any of this
with songs you like.
maybe we switch it up.
āŖ Well. the midnight headlight
Blind you on a rainy night āŖ
āŖ Steep grade up ahead
Slow me down. makin' no time āŖ
āŖ But I gotta keep rollin' āŖ
āŖ Those windshield wipers
Slappin' out a tempo āŖ
āŖ Keepin' perfect rhythm
With the song on the radio āŖ
āŖ I gotta keep rollin'ā¦ āŖ
Don't worry. You're safe here.
The favela has its own police.
and my cousin's an important member.
You're gonna have to pay for this.
This is the budget.
Can you make that work?
Welcome to your new home.
This way.
Make yourself comfortable.
I'm gonna go talk to my cousin.
I'll be right back.
Yeah.
Are you sure about this?
It's safe.
Places like this
are completely off the radar.
You should try to get some sleep.
No. I slept
through most of the drive here.
Apparently. country music
has a sedative effect on me.
God. not you too.
My dad always used to
try to get me to play.
Who you think taught me?
He talked about chess
like it was a religion.
No. not a religion.
A metaphor.
You have a plan. the other guy has a plan.
And when you get surprised.
you see who's smarter.
Who reacts. who attacks.
You learn to play chessā¦
You learn to play life.
I think that might be
the first time I've seen you smile.
We could play.
If you. umā¦ If you want.
You settle in. I'll be back.
You're gonna leave?
Yeah. I gotta go
take care of a few things.
Are you talking
about the man in the trunk?
Yes.
Can't you just stay?
I'll be more useful out there.
not so much in here.
You're gonna kill him?
No. justā¦
just talk to him.
Like a surgeon?
Something like that.
Would he have killed me?
Absolutely.
Then I'll see you when you get back.
Creasy!
There's a place that you can work
two blocks away.
Did Poe eat anything?
Other than American fast food.
she hasn't eaten since she got to Brazil.
A hard case. My favorite.
I have a daughter.
And when my husband was killed.
I had a neighbor who would come over
to just talk to her.
Talking is how she processed things.
I think Poe is just like my daughter.
If you want. I'm happy to stay with her
and just listen.
All right. thanks.
But youā¦ you're just like me.
When things are bad.
what we seek is silence.
Auto shop just around the corner.
See you later.
Hey.
I brought something for you to eat.
I'm not really hungry.
Don't worry.
I asked my daughter what an American
who doesn't like Brazilian food would eat.
And theseā¦
are coxinha.
It's kind of like. uh--
It's kind of like what you callā¦ a nugget?
Chicken nugget. right?
-Mm.
-Yeah.
It's okay with me if you don't eat them.
I never get to
tell my daughter she's wrong.
so it's almost better if you refuse them.
She might be right.
How old are you?
Sixteen.
And coming to Brazil
wasn't something you were excited about?
How can you tell?
Wellā¦
when you drive a car.
you don't just meet
lots of different people.
You learn to really see them.
What else do you see?
Someone who needs a friend.
You speak Spanish?
Yes.
You like movies?
You know how to tell when
a person has seen too many movies?
See. if they drag out a car battery
and tell you they're going to work on you.
That's bullshit.
A car battery never broke nobody.
You want information?
It's not the battery that's key.
It's what's inside.
Sulfuric acid.
It'll mess you up.
But that take time.
But if you mix itā¦
with hydrogen peroxide.
it makes something they callā¦
ā¦piranha juice.
You know what piranhas do. yeah?
They eat your flesh.
I'm a tough motherfucker.
and I'll tell you right nowā¦
They got everything out of me.
Through this one scar. right here.
Put this on your foreheadā¦
ā¦it's going to eat away at your skin.
It'll slowly drip down.
And once it get into your eyes.
it's lights out.
Literally.
Once it's on.
you got about two minutes
before it get into your eyes.
So talk fast.
-No!
-Hey!
You move like that.
you'll get this all over.
Fuck! What do you want?!
I'll talk. I'll talk. I'll talk.
You saying
you want to try talking?
Yes.
I'm willing to try it.
But you feed me bullshit.
and I'll make sure you regret it.
Clear?
Yes.
What is your name?
Tiago.
Who hired you to kill us?
I don't know.
He just told me
we could call him Osmar. okay?
But I don't think it's his real name.
Did you help him
with the bombing too?
Bombing. Bombing.
-I don't know about the bombing.
-You don't know "bombing"?
I don't know anything about the bombing!
No! No! No!
The clock is ticking now. Tiago.
You better come up with some answers.
I'm not with the FRP.
FRP?
Please. Please.
That's Osmar's people?
Yes. Osmar's.
I don't know them.
Please.
I work with a gang out of Rio.
Osmar contacted us after the bombing.
offered to pay us for a hit.
We didn't know the target
until yesterday morning!
Stop! Please! Please. stop.
I am talking!
How did you know to hit the base?
Osmar called off the attack on the convoy.
He said the base
was where you would divert to.
Please. Please.
He said it would be undermanned
because of the threats the FRP
was making all over!
Please.
Please! Please. Please.
Please. Please.
How do I find Osmar?
The issue here is Mr. Creasy.
I need your assurance
that he's being extracted as well.
It's one thing
when he was offering to work with us.
It's another to have a loose cannon
who's gone completely unresponsive
while I am having to deal
with terrorists and tragedy.
Not to mention an upcoming election.
Honestly. President Carmo.
I spoke to Creasy
and right now he doesn't trust anyone.
Even if Creasy delivers us the girl.
everything I know about him
leads me to believe that he's not leaving
until the people
that brought that building down are dead.
Director Moncrief.
I wonder how your government would react
if you had a foreign national
on the loose in your country.
operating independently.
without authority.
and in a way that potentially jeopardized
your investigation and response
to a massive terror attack.
I'm sure we would contain him
using whatever means necessary.
Hey. how'd it go?
We need a car.
Why? What happened?
There's a way I can get this guy
to lead us to the people coming after Poe.
So she's not going home?
No. not until I know everything
we're up against.
Okay. I'll see what I can get.
How is she?
Not well.
But she's in good hands.
Is it time to go?
Not yet.
Umā¦
I need your help with something first.
What?
How do you feel about the sight of blood?